<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="planning_for_deployment">
    <title>Planning for deployment</title>
    <shortdesc>When you plan a deployment of IBM StoredIQ, evaluate several infrastructure considerations.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>Patrick Scully</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2019"/>
            <copyrholder>Copyright International Business Machines Corporation</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <critdates>
            <created date="15/11/2019" golive="26/11/2019" expiry="26/11/2021"/>
            <revised modified="18/11/2019" golive="26/11/2019" expiry="26/11/2021"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
       
        <context>
           
                
            <p>In addition to the information in this section, review the requirements detailed in the IBM Software
                Product Compatibility Reports (SPCR) tool at: <xref href="https://www.ibm.com/software/reports/compatibility/clarity-reports/report/html/softwareReqsForProduct?deliverableId=CC1291B0F4AF11E3ACBD4447721DA353" format="html" scope="external">Software Product Compatibility Reports: StoredIQ 7.6</xref></p>
            <p>If you plan to use IBM StoredIQ for Legal Identification and Collection to create and manage data boxes
                and data requests that are to be fulfilled by IBM StoredIQ, also check the system requirements for
                StoredIQ for Legal at: <xref href="https://www.ibm.com/software/reports/compatibility/clarity-reports/report/html/softwareReqsForProduct?deliverableId=8A0331A0C50D11E58D9C0D684F363D68" format="html" scope="external">Software Product Compatibility Reports: StoredIQ for Legal 2.0.3</xref></p>
            <p><b>Generate customized reports with the SPCR tool</b></p>
            <p>Go to the page at <xref href="https://www.ibm.com/software/reports/compatibility/clarity/index.html" format="html" scope="external">Software Product Compatibility Reports</xref> to create a high-level report for supported
                operating systems, related software, hypervisors, and supported translations for any product. You can
                also create an in-depth report to get detailed system requirements, hardware requirements, and end of
                service information for each product. You can search for a product in all of the report types and reports
                are generated based on your query values.</p>
            <p>The following report types are the most commonly generated reports from software product compatibility
                reports:
            </p>
            <p><b>Detailed system requirements</b>
            </p>
            <sl>
                <sli>When you select your product version for the detailed system requirements report, you can set a
                    report filter for <b>Operating system platforms, Product components,</b> and <b>Capabilities,</b> including
                    prerequisites and support software. After you view the report, you can save it as a URL to generate
                    anytime or download it as a PDF.</sli>
            </sl>
            <p><b>Hardware requirements</b></p>
            <sl>
                <sli>When you select your product version for the hardware requirements report, you
                    can set a report filter by the <b>Operating system families</b> option. Set the
                    operating system filter by selecting some or all of the operating systems that
                    are supported by your product. After you view the report, you can save it as a
                    URL to generate anytime or download it as a PDF.</sli>
            </sl>
            <p><b>End of service</b></p>
            <sl>
                <sli>The end of service report shows the service window of the products that you
                    specify over an eight-year span. For example, you can find out when your product
                    is scheduled to go out of service.</sli>
            </sl>
            
            
        </context>
       
    </taskbody>
</task>
