<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="open_virtual_appliance_OVA_configuration_requirements">
    <title>Open Virtual Appliance (OVA) configuration requirements</title>
    <shortdesc>IBM StoredIQ is deployed as virtual appliances and is supported in VMware ESXi 5.0
        (all fix pack levels) or VMware ESXi 6.0 (all fix pack levels) environments. You must have a
        virtual infrastructure that meets the IBM StoredIQ hardware requirements.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>Patrick Scully</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2019"/>
            <copyrholder>Copyright International Business Machines Corporation</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <critdates>
            <created date="15/11/2019" golive="26/11/2019" expiry="26/11/2021"/>
            <revised modified="18/11/2019" golive="26/11/2019" expiry="26/11/2021"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <refbody> 
        
        
        <section audience="novice" importance="low" >
            <title>Application stack</title>
            
            <ul>
                <li>vCPU: 2</li>
                <li>Memory: 4 GB</li>
                <li>Storage:
                    <sl>
                        <sli> - Primary disk (vmdisk1): 21 GB</sli>
                        <sli> - Data disk (vmdisk2): 10 GB</sli>
                    </sl>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section audience="novice expert" importance="low" >
            <title>Gateway server</title>
            <ul>
                <li>vCPU: 4</li>
                <li>Memory: 8 GB</li>
                <li>Storage:
                    
                    <sl>
                        <sli> - Primary disk (vmdisk1): 100 GB</sli>
                        <sli> - Data disk (vmdisk2): 75 GB</sli>
                        <sli> - Swap disk (vmdisk3): 40 - 100 GB
                        </sli>
                    </sl>
                </li>
                
            </ul>
        </section>
        
        <section audience="expert" importance="high" props="prop1">
            
            <title>DataServer - Classic</title>
            
            <ul>
                <li><p>vCPU: 4</p>
                    <p> Even though increasing the number of vCPUs increases performance, the actual bene³ts depend on
                        whether the specific host is oversubscribed or not.</p></li>
                <li><p>Memory: 16 GB</p>
                    <p> While the minimum value works under light-load condition, as the load increases, the data server
                        quickly starts using swap space. For high load situations, increasing RAM beyond 16 GB can bene³t
                        performance. Monitoring swap usage can provide insight.</p></li>
                <li><p>Storage:</p>
                    <ul>
                        
                        
                        
                        <li><p>Primary disk (vmdisk1, SCSI 0:0): </p>
                            <p>Default is 150 GB This virtual disk
                                has an associated VMDK that contains the IBM StoredIQ operating code. Do not
                                change its size. </p> <hazardstatement>
                                    <messagepanel id="delete_primary_disk">
                                        <typeofhazard>If you delete the primary disk, you delete the operating
                                            system, and the IBM StoredIQ software; the virtual machine might
                                            need to be scrapped.</typeofhazard>
                                        <howtoavoid/>
                                    </messagepanel>
                                </hazardstatement>
                            <p></p></li>
                        
                        <li><p> Data disk (vmdisk2, SCSI 0:1): Default is 2 TB</p><p> This virtual disk can be
                            resized according to expectations on the amount of harvest data to be
                            stored. For purposes of estimation, the index storage requirement for
                            metadata is about 30 GB per TB of managed source data. Full-text
                            indexing requires an extra 170 GB per TB. Therefore, the default data
                            disk size is targeted for managing 10 TB of source information.</p></li>
                        <li><p>Swap disk (vmdisk3, SCSI 0:2): Default is 40 GB</p> When under load,
                            the data server can use much RAM; therefore, having ample swap space is
                            prudent. The minimum swap size is equal to the amount of RAM configured
                            for the virtual machine. For best performance under load, place this
                            disk on the highest speed data store available to the host.</li>
                        
                    </ul>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>The general size limits for a data server are 150 million objects or 500 defined
                volumes, whichever limit is reached first. Assuming an average object size of 200 KB
                equals about 30 TB of managed storage across 30 volumes of 5 million objects each,
                the index storage requirement for metadata on ~30 TB of storage that contains
                uncompressed general office documents is ~330 GB (11 GB per TB). Add 100 GB per TB
                of managed storage for full-text or snippet index. For example, to support 30 TB of
                storage that is indexed for metadata, you need 8 TB indexed for full-text search and
                extracted text (snippet cache) of 8 TB for auto-classification. A total of 1.9 TB of
                storage is required (metadata: 330 GB, full-text: 800 GB, snippet cache: 800
                GB).</p>
            <p>Data-server performance is impacted by the IOPS available from the storage subsystem. For each
                data server under maximum workload, at least 650 IOPS generally delivers acceptable performance.
                In the situations where there is a high load on the system, the IOPS that is used can reach up to 7000
                with main write operations.</p>
            
        </section>
        <section audience="novice" importance="low" >
            <title>DataServer - Distributed</title>
            <p>
                <ul>
                    <li>vCPU: 4</li>
                    <li>Memory: 16 GB</li>
                    <li>Storage:
                        
                        <sl>
                            <sli> - Primary disk (vmdisk1, SCSI 0:0): Default is 150 GB
                            </sli>
                            <sli> - Data disk (vmdisk2, SCSI 0:1): Default is 2 TB</sli>
                            <sli> - Swap disk (vmdisk3, SCSI 0:2): Default is 40 GB
                            </sli>
                        </sl>
                    </li>
                    
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p>If you deploy this type of data server, you must also deploy an Elasticsearch cluster with at least one
                node. If you deploy a cluster with more nodes, each of the Elasticsearch nodes must meet the listed
                requirements.</p>
        </section>
        <section audience="novice" importance="low"  >
            <title>Each Elasticsearch node
            </title>
            <p> <ul>
                <li>vCPU: 1</li>
                <li>Memory: 32 GB</li>
                <li>Storage:
                    
                    <sl>
                        <sli> - Primary disk (vmdisk1): 100 GB
                        </sli>
                        <sli> - Data disk (vmdisk2): 1 TB
                        </sli>
                    </sl>
                </li>
                
            </ul></p>
            <p>The required memory depends on the index size that is handled by the data node. For a
                better performance, consider increasing the memory. The total memory available to
                the node must be distributed between the host operating system, the Elasticsearch
                java heap space, and the kernel file system caches. For example, if the system has
                32 GB memory, 2 GB must be allocated for the host operating system, 15 GB for the
                java heap space, and the remaining 15 GB for the file system caches. </p>
            <p>The data disk (vmdisk2) can be resized according to expectations on the amount of harvest data to be
                stored.
            </p>
        </section>
        
    </refbody>
</reference>
