<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="security">
    <title>Security</title>
    <shortdesc>Plan and implement specific security measures to protect the application and the data
        it manages, especially when you deploy IBM StoredIQ into sensitive environments. </shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>Patrick Scully</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2019"/>
            <copyrholder>Copyright International Business Machines Corporation</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <critdates>
            <created date="15/11/2019" golive="26/11/2019" expiry="26/11/2021"/>
            <revised modified="18/11/2019" golive="26/11/2019" expiry="26/11/2021"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    
    <refbody> 
        <section>
            <p>IBM StoredIQ keeps your data secure through encryption, security hardening, and auditing.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section>
            <title>Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS)</title>
            
            
            <p>FIPS is a standard recommended by the National Institute of Standards and
                Technology (NIST) and the US Federal Government. It ensures certain security
                standards are met for software or hardware components deployed at US government
                sites. Enabling FIPS ensures that the SSL/TLS engine that is compliant with the US
                Government recommendation is used. IBM StoredIQ supports FIPS Level 1.</p>
            <p>Secure gateway communication can be enabled without FIPS. If FIPS is enabled, IBM StoredIQ uses FIPS
                compliant versions of OpenSSL.</p>
        </section>
        <section audience="expert" importance="high" props="prop1">
            <title>Secure communication and encryption of data in motion</title>
            
            <p>In a production environment, you should configure or install certificates on the
                AppStack to enable HTTPS communication and to enable encryption of data in motion
                between the browser and the AppStack. You can to this during installation and
                initial configuration or at any time afterward. For details, see <xref href="../../resources/pdfs/IBMguide.pdf" format="pdf" scope="local">the instructions for configuring certificates</xref>.</p>
            <p>The gateway handles the communication between the data servers and the application
                stack. By default, the communication between the gateway, any data servers, and the
                AppStack is in plain text and is not encrypted. If your enterprise security policy
                mandates encryption of data in motion, enable secure gateway communication. In this
                case, secure gateway communication must be configured on all three p> IBM StoredIQ
                components. You can enable secure gateway communication during installation and
                initial configurtion or at any time afterward. For details, see <xref href="../../resources/pdfs/IBMguide.pdf" format="pdf" scope="local">“Managing the status of secure gateway communication” on page
                    54</xref>.</p>
            <p>IBM StoredIQ then uses stunnel to ensure secure communication between the components. If your
                environment includes data servers of the type DataServer - Distributed, stunnel can also be used to
                encrypt the communication between the nodes within the Elasticsearch cluster but not for encrypting the
                communication between the data server and the Elasticsearch cluster.</p>
            <p>To secure the communication between the data server and the Elasticsearch cluster and the
                communication within the Elasticsearch cluster likewise, you can enable Search Guard. For more
                information, see <xref href="../../resources/pdfs/IBMguide.pdf" format="pdf" scope="local">“Securing Elasticsearch cluster communication with Search Guard” on page 51</xref>. If you
                don't want to do that but still want to restrict client access to port 9200 on the Elasticsearch nodes, you
                can set up the firewall accordingly. For more information, see <xref href="../../resources/pdfs/IBMguide.pdf" format="pdf" scope="local">“Restricting access to port 9200 on
                    Elasticsearch nodes” on page 52</xref>.</p>
            <p> If FIPS is not enabled, the following cipher suites and encryption algorithm are used for data at rest:</p>
            <p>
                
                <codeph>
                    TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256
                </codeph> 
                
            </p>
            <p>
                <codeph>
                    TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256
                </codeph>
            </p>
            
            
            <p>You can configure these cipher suites in the configurtion files listed in the <xref href="../../resources/pdfs/IBMguide.pdf" format="pdf" scope="local">list of key and certificate files</xref>.
                However, if you run the utilities for enabling stunnel, you might need to make the respective configuration
                changes again.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section>
            <title>Encryption of data at rest</title>
            <p>Starting with IBM StoredIQ version 7.6.0.15, the disk volume on which the Elasticsearch indexes are
                stored is encrypted by default. IBM StoredIQ uses Linux Unified Key Setup (LUKS) for disk encryption. For
                details about key management, see <xref href="../../resources/pdfs/IBMguide.pdf" format="pdf" scope="local">“Key and certificate management” on page 41</xref>.
            </p>
            <p>Optionally, you can encrypt the application data on the IBM StoredIQ application stack. For more
                information, see <xref href="../../resources/pdfs/IBMguide.pdf" format="pdf" scope="local">“Enabling encryption of IBM StoredIQ AppStack application data” on page 50</xref>.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Network isolation</title>
            <p>If full-text harvesting and Step-up Analytics actions (cartridges) are applied, Elasticsearch indexes can
                contain potentially sensitive content. Therefore, you should deploy the Elasticsearch nodes in an isolated
                location on the network (for example, as an enclave or behind a firewall) that is properly secured
                according to the sensitivity of the data being harvested. Only the IBM StoredIQ application stack and data
                servers should be allowed to communicate with the Elasticsearch nodes.</p>
            <p>Also, any data servers and the gateway should be deployed in an isolated network location to allow for
                communication with authorized clients only.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Access control</title>
            <p>The following administrative accounts are required. The builder and siqadmin accounts
                are IBM StoredIQ-specific accounts. For more information about these accounts, see <xref href="../../resources/pdfs/IBMguide.pdf" format="pdf" scope="local">Default user accounts” on page 17</xref>.<parml>
                    <plentry>
                        <pt>root and builder accounts on the Elasticsearch cluster nodes</pt>
                        <pd>Remote login for root can be disabled. However, local root login is
                            required, either log in as root or use the <b>su</b> command to obtain
                            root permissions temporarily. <p> You set the passwords for the root and
                                builder accounts during the configuration process when you start the
                                VM for the first time. You can change these passwords
                                anytime.</p></pd>
                    </plentry>
                </parml>
                <parml>
                    <plentry>
                        <pt>siqadmin account on the AppStack</pt>
                        <pd>Administration of the AppStack usually does not require direct root
                            access. For day-to-day administration, the siqadmin account can be used.
                            <p>You set the password for the siqadmin account during the
                                configuration process when you start the VM for the first time. You
                                can change this password anytime.</p></pd>
                    </plentry>
                </parml>
            </p>
            
            
            
            
            
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Default user accounts</title>
            <p>IBM StoredIQ comes with a set of default user accounts.</p>
            <p>  For security reasons, change the passwords for these default accounts after the installation is complete
                so that they are unique and different from the default values. The new password must be 8 to 64
                characters long and must contain characters from at least three of these categories:
                <ul>
                    <li>Uppercase letters: A - Z
                    </li>
                    <li>Lowercase letters: a - z
                    </li>
                    <li>Digits: 0 - 9</li>
                    <li>Punctuation marks or special characters: . : = * ˆ / $ # _ + @ &amp; %
                        -</li>
                    
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        
        <table>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <thead>
                    <row rowsep="1">
                        <entry colsep="1">Account</entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">Default password </entry>
                        
                        <entry colsep="1">Description </entry>
                        
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row rowsep="1">
                        <entry colsep="1">admin</entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">admin</entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">Administrative account for accessing
                            IBM StoredIQ Data Server. Use this
                            account for the initial setup of the data
                            server and to create further
                            administrative accounts for routine
                            administration.
                            Change the password in IBM StoredIQ
                            Data Server under <b>Administration &gt;
                                Configuration &gt; Manage users.</b>
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row rowsep="1">
                        <entry colsep="1">audituser </entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">Passw0rd! </entry>
                        <entry colsep="1"><p>Account for accessing the audit
                            database on the AppStack.</p>
                            <p>Change the password by running the
                                <b>change_audituser_password</b> script as
                                siqadmin user on the AppStack.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row rowsep="1">
                        <entry colsep="1">builder</entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">None. Password is set during initial
                            configuration</entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">Account for setting up and con³guring the Elasticsearch
                            cluster. <p>You can change the password by using the Linux <b>passwd</b>
                                command.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row rowsep="1">
                        <entry colsep="1">reportuser </entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">St0red1q</entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">Account for accessing the report
                            database on the AppStack.
                            <p>Change the password by running the
                                change_reportuser_password script as
                                siqadmin user on the AppStack.</p>
                        </entry>
                        
                    </row>
                    <row rowsep="1">
                        <entry colsep="1">siqadmin</entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">Passw0rd!</entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">Administrative account for managing the
                            AppStack server. For more information,
                            see the administration guide.
                            <p>With new installations, you are
                                prompted for a new password during the
                                initial configuration of the AppStack. In
                                updated deployments, change the
                                password by using the Linux <b>passwd</b>
                                command.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row rowsep="1">
                        <entry colsep="1">superadmin </entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">admin </entry>
                        <entry colsep="1">Administrative account for accessing IBM StoredIQ
                            Administrator and IBM StoredIQ Data Server. Use this account for the
                            initial setup of IBM StoredIQ and to create further administrative
                            accounts for routine administration so that their actions can be
                            audited. <p>Change the password in IBM StoredIQ Administrator: go to<b>
                                Users</b> and edit the superadmin account.</p>The superadmin
                            account has access to all IBM StoredIQ applications on the application
                            stack. To switch applications, click the triangle arrow icon and select
                            the application that you want to access from the list of the available
                            applications.</entry>
                    </row>
                    
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        
    </refbody>
</reference>
